---
layout: post
title: Post PSPAP Workshop Literature Suggestions
published: false
---

From Tim W.
Large-River-Community-Sampling.pdf

Heist Effective population size Equations 4. 5 and 6.
SaltzgiverCaptiveBroodstock2012.pdf
Wildhaber
Pallid-reproductive-evaluation.pdf


A couple of quick excerpts of note: 

Detectability objetive (bend tracked for transmittered fish prior to 
deploying PSPAP standard effort): 

Zero small (339-500 mm) pallid sturgeon located within sampled bends 
were captured with otter trawls (1 bend sampled) and trammel nets (7 
bends sampled), resulting in conditional capture probability estimates 
of 0.00 for both gears. Three large (564-1105 mm) pallid sturgeon 
located within sampled bends were captured with trotlines and one was 
captured in a trammel net resulting in mean conditional capture 
probability estimates of 0.36 (SE=0.18) for trotlines (N=7 bends), 0.13 
(SE=0.13) for trammel nets (N=8), 0.00 for the otter trawl (N=6), and 
0.00 for gill nets (N=5). 

Catchability objective (trammel nets drifted at known pallid sturgeon 
location): 

Thirty-nine fish (23 small fish and 16 large fish) were targeted for 
capture on 56 occasions (31 on small fish and 25 on large fish), 
resulting in 210 trammel net drifts. 

Targeted pallid sturgeon were captured in 16 of the 56 (29%) attempts. 
Capture probability of an individual drift (pi) for both size classes 
(pooled) ranged from 0.00 to 0.11 (Table 3.3). The probability of 
capture in multiple drifts (pi*) increased from 0.07 in one drift to 
0.32 in five drifts (Table 3.3; Figure 3.2). 

Small pallid sturgeon were captured in nine of the 31 (29%) attempts. 
All nine of these individuals were captured during the first four 
drifts. Capture probability (pi) was greatest for the third drift 
(0.13), followed by the fourth drift (0.10), second drift (0.07), and 
the first drift (0.06; Table 3). The probability of capture in multiple 
drifts (pi*) increased from 0.06 in one drift to 0.32 in four or more 
drifts (Table 3.3; Figure 3.2). 

Large pallid sturgeon were captured during seven of the 25 (28%) 
attempts. Capture probability (pi) was greatest for the fifth drift 
(0.13), followed by the third drift (0.10; Table 3.3). The probability 
of capture in multiple drifts (pi*) increased from 0.08 in one drift to 
0.36 in five drifts (Table 3.3; Figure 3.2). 





WAPA-Final-Report.pdf

Doyle
shovelnose-gear-evaluation.pdf

In addition, David Galat provided a useful reference:
Block, W.M., Franklin, A.B., Ward, J.P., Ganey, J.L., and White, G.C., 2001, Design and Implementation of Monitoring Studies to Evaluate the Success of Ecological Restoration on Wildlife: Restoration Ecology, v. 9, no. 3, p. 293-303, [Also available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1526-100x.2001.009003293.x].